README.md, before:

# RspecRetryFlaky

Retry rspec if failed some tests.

You can set how many retry test and how long wait retrying test within RSpec.configure.

## Build Status

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/KazuCocoa/rspec-retry-flaky.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/KazuCocoa/rspec-retry-flaky)

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'rspec-retry-flaky'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install rspec-retry-flaky

require in ```rspec_helper.rb```

```ruby
RSpec.configure do |c|
  c.verbose_retry_flack_example = true # turn on retry flack example verbose
  c.flaky_retry_count = 3 # retry count when failed the example
  c.flaky_sleep_interval = 10 # sleep interval between retry the example
end
```

This feature use ```RSpec.configure.around(:example) { |example| something }``` hook.

## Usage

### progress message when the example retry

```
Retry flaky 1 times: ./spec/example.rb:10
Retry flaky 2 times: ./spec/example.rb:10
Retry flaky 3 times: ./spec/example.rb:10
```

### Configurations

- verbose_retry_flack_example(default: false)
- flaky_retry_count(default: 1)
- flaky_sleep_interval(default: 0)

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/[my-github-username]/retry_flaky_example/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

Commit message:

add off_flaky_test tag to ignore retry failed test

README.md, after:

# RspecRetryFlaky

Retry rspec if failed some tests.

You can set how many retry test and how long wait retrying test within RSpec.configure.

## Build Status

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/KazuCocoa/rspec-retry-flaky.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/KazuCocoa/rspec-retry-flaky)

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'rspec-retry-flaky'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install rspec-retry-flaky

require in ```rspec_helper.rb```

```ruby
RSpec.configure do |c|
  c.verbose_retry_flack_example = true # turn on retry flack example verbose
  c.flaky_retry_count = 3 # retry count when failed the example
  c.flaky_sleep_interval = 10 # sleep interval between retry the example
end
```

This feature use ```RSpec.configure.around(:example) { |example| something }``` hook.

## Usage

### Turn off flaky retry

```
it "example scenario", :off_flaky_test do
  # test case
end
```

It can use in Turnip.

```
@off_flaky_test
Feature: example
  Scenario: attack the monster
    When I attack it
    Then it should die
```

### progress message when the example retry

```
Retry flaky 1 times: ./spec/example.rb:10
Retry flaky 2 times: ./spec/example.rb:10
Retry flaky 3 times: ./spec/example.rb:10
```

### Configurations

- verbose_retry_flack_example(default: false)
- flaky_retry_count(default: 1)
- flaky_sleep_interval(default: 0)

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/[my-github-username]/retry_flaky_example/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request
